hello how do you see this 5 series
it was wheat and in this series we will
do tass yes I'm here a little iron yes
was there going to melt it in
the fourth series of her water was and in this I
killed he was breaking my buckets
milk and we do like this
way smoked boards and I right now and mine
I will make a debt like this
when you eat it he adds
one piece of food right now, but I have a corner
so I may have bellowed all the troubles
any case can then get hungry
Now I wondered if I could do more
one stove is somehow not enough for me
make another stove now i will go
a couple of people that were on what file
the stoves
here I ran here is divisible
the water now I will beat the tree
slightly decide to like here I finished
In fact, you see the same armor on me
these sneakers and the same hat in this series
if I do so I iron breastplate
did the stove it to swim I
I take away this one a little above the junction
go tube you see this a little bit
any garbage yes we have iron here
melted
in general, I told you just tits from here
Now
we will do right but to me now
need a lot of work i will do anonymous
small farm so i take away
your last video here is this one
removed on the nail and
tree tree tree and
what shelves the shelves yes I forgot
shelves
so far enough
stop I didn’t understand what’s wrong
forgot
Can not get teeth and in this version
probably it is made of boards once so
I'll chop a little bit then again
because the shelves on the boards are not behind
soul, I tried to do things with us supposedly take
forgot
from the boards there is no get a cold
done forget it weight so us so not
it turned out to make some kind of fence
make hicks this fence with me
I will make shorter coal fix these
buzova
will do.
here
my mother's berry like me it will be on
just in case such a garbage because
and joking with her to do next and did not recognize
both for a while it was
this is the pit cooking page
that will be the entrance now i'm actually
do what i have to not
but now I will make the gate and all bye.
until
with you was your last
meeting